Supervisor: Auth cache reset (#688)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/supervisor/endpoints.md

</details>

<details>
<summary className="endpoint delete protected">/auth/cache</summary>

> Reset internal auth cache to speedup and provide a working system on core reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reset internal authentication cache, this is useful if you have changed the password for a user and need to clear the internal cache.
```
